Thanks again for helping us, Ruby.
That’s OK. But I’m really nervous.
It’s a small part.
Here are your lines. There aren’t many.
There are lots of lines. This is terrible!
The play is only three days from now!
Don’t worry. We’re here to help you.
Let’s practice every day.
Look ... it isn't that bad ...
Action!
Stop! Who are you?
What do you want?
I’m just a girl from the ... from the ...
village.
...village. I want to speak to... to...
with... uh...
the king.
king. I want to speak to the king.
This is no good. I’m terrible.
I really don’t think I can do this.
You aren’t terrible. You’re great.
And you can do it.
I don’t know.
Don’t worry. Let’s start again.
...speak to the king. My name is May,
and I want you to ask me...
I want you... me...
Oh, I don’t know!
This is bad. And I’m terrible!
No, you aren’t.
You’re just nervous. Relax!
I just can’t get it right.
Come on, Ruby. You can do this.
I’m just so nervous.
I know, but it’s OK. Really.
Now, let’s start again.
And action!
Here I am.
Hi, Ruby. It’s your big day.
Are you excited?
No, just nervous. But let’s do it.
Thanks, Ruby. You really are the best.
Hi, guys.
Why are you so happy?
I have good news for you, Ruby.
For me? What is it?
- It’s Anna Williams. She’s better.
- Better?
Yes. She isn’t sick now.
And she wants to be in the play.
- Really?
- Yes, really. Isn’t that great?!
No!
No, that isn’t great!
What? You aren’t happy about this?
No, I’m not!
But, you’re so nervous and ...
Yes, but, well, it’s my part now.
I’m in the play, not Anna.
Sorry, Ruby,
but it really is her part, so...
Come on, Ruby. Let’s go and watch
the play. We can sit together.
But I know all the lines. Listen!
I’m just a girl from the village.
I want to speak to the king!
See! I know it! It’s my part!
I’m the girl from the village!
Guys? Hey, guys! Wait for me!